**Your Licence to Use the Source Code and Specification for the Cortex
Microcontroller Software Interface Standard**:

THIS END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT ("LICENCE") BETWEEN
YOU (EITHER A SINGLE INDIVIDUAL, OR SINGLE LEGAL ENTITY) AND ARM LIMITED
(\"ARM\") FOR THE USE OF THE SOURCE CODE AND SPECIFICATION ACCOMPANYING
THIS LICENCE. ARM IS ONLY WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOURCE CODE AND
SPECIFICATION TO YOU ON CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS IN
THIS LICENCE. BY CLICKING "I AGREE" OR BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING
OR COPYING EITHER OR BOTH THE SOURCE CODE AND SPECIFICATION YOU INDICATE
THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE, ARM IS UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE
SOURCE CODE AND SPECIFICATION TO YOU AND YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, USE OR
COPY THE SOURCE CODE OR SPECIFICATION, BUT YOU SHOULD PROMPTLY RETURN
THE SOURCE CODE AND SPECIFICATION TO ARM.

"Source Code" means the source code for the Cortex Microcontroller
Software Interface Standard.

"Specification" means the specification for the Cortex Microcontroller
Software Interface Standard. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
"Specification" shall not include (i) the implementation of other
published specifications referenced in the Specification; (ii) any
enabling technologies that may be necessary to make or use any product
or portion thereof that complies with the Specification, but are not
themselves expressly set forth in this Specification (e.g. compiler
front ends, code generators, back ends, libraries or other compiler,
assembler or linker technologies; validation or debug software or
hardware; applications, operating system or driver software; RISC
architecture; processor microarchitecture); (iii) maskworks and physical
layouts of integrated circuit designs; or (iv) RTL or other high level
representations of integrated circuit designs.

LICENCE GRANTS

1\. Subject to the provisions of Clauses 2, 3, 4 and 5, ARM hereby
grants to you under any intellectual property that is (a) owned or
freely licensable by ARM without payment to unaffiliated third parties
and (b) either embodied in either or both the Source Code and
Specification, as applicable, or Necessary (defined in Clause 4 below)
to copy or implement an applications binary interface compliant with the
Specification, a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty
free, worldwide licence to:

\(i\) use and copy the Specification for the purpose of developing,
having developed, manufacturing, having manufactured, offering to sell,
selling, supplying or otherwise distributing products which comply with
the Specification;

(ii)       use, copy, modify and sublicence the Source Code (in source
or object code form) solely for the purpose of developing, having
developed, manufacturing, having manufactured, offering to sell,
selling, supplying or otherwise distributing products which comply with
the Specification, provided that you preserve all copyright notices
included in the Source Code.

2\. The Source Code and Specification are owned by ARM or its licensors
and are protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties
as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The Source
Code and Specification are licensed not sold.

Except as specifically licensed in accordance with Clause 1, you acquire
no right, title or interest in the Source Code and Specification or any
intellectual property embodied therein. In no event shall the licences
granted in accordance with Clause 1 be construed as granting you,
expressly or by implication, estoppel or otherwise, a licence to use any
ARM technology except the Source Code and Specification.

Except as provided in Clause 1, no right is granted to you to sublicense
the rights granted to you under this Licence.

3\. THE SOURCE CODE AND SPECIFICATION ARE PROVIDED \"AS IS\". ARM
PROVIDES NO WARRANTIES EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY
QUALITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE SOURCE
CODE AND SPECIFICATION MAY INCLUDE ERRORS. ARM RESERVES THE RIGHT TO
INCORPORATE MODIFICATIONS TO THE SOURCE CODE IN LATER REVISIONS OF IT,
AND TO MAKE IMPROVEMENTS OR CHANGES IN THE SPECIFICATION OR THE PRODUCTS
OR TECHNOLOGIES DESCRIBED THEREIN AT ANY TIME.

4\. This Licence shall immediately terminate and shall be unavailable to
you if you or any party affiliated to you asserts any patents against
ARM, ARM affiliates, third parties who have a valid licence from ARM for
either or both the Source Code and the Specification, or any customers
or distributors of any of them based upon a claim that your (or your
affiliate) patent is Necessary to implement the Specification. In this
Licence; (i) \"affiliate\" means any entity controlling, controlled by
or under common control with a party (in fact or in law, via voting
securities, management control or otherwise) and \"affiliated\" shall be
construed accordingly; (ii) \"assert\" means to allege infringement in
legal or administrative proceedings, or proceedings before any other
competent trade, arbitral or international authority; (iii) "Necessary"
means with respect to any claims of any patent, those claims which,
without the appropriate permission of the patent owner, will be
infringed when implementing the Specification because no alternative,
commercially reasonable, non-infringing way of implementing the
Specification is known; and (iv) English law and the jurisdiction of the
English courts shall apply to all aspects of this Licence, its
interpretation and enforcement.

5\. No licence, express, implied or otherwise, is granted to you, under
the provisions of Clause 1, to use the ARM tradename, in connection with
either or both the Source Code and the Specification or any products
based thereon. Nothing in Clause 1 shall be construed as authority for
you to make any representations on behalf of ARM in respect either or
both the Source Code and Specification.

6\. The total liability of ARM and any of its suppliers and licensors
under or in relation to this Licence shall be limited to the greater of
the amount actually paid by you for the Source Code and Specification or
US\$10.00. The limitations, exclusions and disclaimers in this Licence
shall apply to the maximum extent allowed by applicable law.

7\. The Source Code and Specification provided under this Licence is
subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export
Administration Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to
export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to comply
fully with all laws and regulations of the United States and other
countries (\"Export Laws\") to assure that the Source Code and
Specification, are not (1) exported, directly or indirectly, in
violation of Export Laws, either to any countries that are subject to
U.S.A. export restrictions or to any end user who has been prohibited
from participating in the U.S.A. export transactions by any federal
agency of the U.S.A. government; or (2) intended to be used for any
purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including, without limitation,
nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation.

ARM contract reference number LEC-PRE-00425-V2.0 NM/HB
