The FreeRTOS kernel is released under the MIT open source license, the text of
which is provided below.

This license covers the FreeRTOS kernel source files, which are located in the
/FreeRTOS/Source directory of the official FreeRTOS kernel download.  It also
covers most of the source files in the demo application projects, which are
located in the /FreeRTOS/Demo directory of the official FreeRTOS download.  The
demo projects may also include third party software that is not part of FreeRTOS
and is licensed separately to FreeRTOS.  Examples of third party software
includes header files provided by chip or tools vendors, linker scripts,
peripheral drivers, etc.  All the software in subdirectories of the /FreeRTOS
directory is either open source or distributed with permission, and is free for
use.  For the avoidance of doubt, refer to the comments at the top of each
source file.


License text:
-------------

Copyright (C) 2020 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.  All Rights Reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

